---
title: Religion
author: tama
date: 2024-01-10 00:00:01 +0800
categories: [Project, Website]
tags: [religion]     # TAG names should always be lowercase
---

<h1> Disclaimer </h1>
I'm a nerd

<h1> Alright </h1>
I should read a book. These compilation videos are not the best way of consooming information but I stumbled upon a [**Karl Sagan**](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q-yt_Al7aKo) video and It's great. 

<h2> Unlearning </h2>
In the process of learning we unlearn a lot of things. I noticed this during Highschool chemistry when we were taught about Atom models. At the time it felt very silly that I learnt about the "wrong" kinds of Atom models. I now understand that it's taught that way because understanding the "right" model requires quantum mechanic / probability which is TOO MUCH for everyone (in the 21st century).

I think religion is similar. Taught religion is the "wrong" thing that we need to unlearn in pursuit of finding the "right" thing. It is an incomplete model of morality that has limited and contrained use. As the world changes and modernity arrives, newer and more complete model needs to be used and religion becomes obsolete. The scientist in me thinks the best way to find this "right" thing seems to be via Science but you do you.

The anti-theist part of me thinks that regligion should not even be taught. And this is not just a religion problem. I think the way we teach math might be wrong. 
Using the number lines might be why its so difficult for humans to think in a higher dimension. We're so used to thining in 1D that even the cartesian plane (2D) is hard for some. Matrixes become impossible so don't even talk about the 3D++.

<h1> Future </h1>
There this fear that the world will decend into chaos if we don't teach religion to everyone. That morality will be gone and I share this fear. I do not know the solution and I'm not even sure how to figure out the solution. Maybe atheism can only exist in the world of theist, similar to how Swedish's socialism can only work in the world of capitalism