---
title: Ted Lasso
author: tama
date: 2025-05-20 11:33:00 +0800 # YYYY - MM- DD
categories: [Entertainment, Series] # Series, Movies, Books, Manga, etc
tags: [typography]
image:
  path: https://encrypted-tbn3.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcSlOsVNrd6ZZePiO2BPWlLacJKwTEldWjUqtRHOgmJcXZ-AqkKJvGpfQKuOBrTNKER_pY6v
  alt: Image of Ted Lasso
pin: false
math: true
mermaid: true
---

Review status : Done _but not particularly proud_

> Warning. This is now a spoilerfull zone
{: .prompt-danger } 

# Overall Score
: ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐

# Personal Warnings
- [x] Absurd amout of optimism and positivity
- [ ] Nudity / Gore 
- [ ] Serial Killer
- [x] A good family show to watch with the fam

# Plot
It is not about serial killer. Ted Lasso is not Ted Bundy.
It is about an American coach who is hired by an English Soccer team. Plot twist, he knows nothing about soccer but with his power of friendship and optimism became a champion*. It's a show about personal growth, forgiveness, asking for forgiveness, being kind, and all that good sauce.

What stands out to me the most is that it does not try to give the highest rush. The typical story for these sports show is that the protagonist wins the _whatever cup they're in_ and/or saves the world in the process. But Ted Lasso loses a lot and that's okay. Its okay to not be the number one in the world as long as you're number one to yourself.

## Sweet and Short
I believe that the real world is too dark and I need my show to have as much brightness as the sun. Ted Lassso was that. 
It ran for 3 seasons. I think its the perfect length for these feel good psychology show. I imagine it might get depressing if the characters go for years and years without any sign of improvement. They don't need to show THE happy ending, just the trend that life is gonna get better and even better.

## Pandering the Left
Ted Lasso is a very "left-wing" and it is pandering. Psychology, Refugee, Socialism, Flawed parents, and so on.
Yeah, idk whether right-wingers believe that going to a psychologist is a sign of weakness
[**Some Criticism**](https://www.reddit.com/r/television/comments/137vbw0/ted_lasso_has_lost_its_way/)

## Rants





